Added implementation for skip SSL (#12)
chaosnative/chaosctl: Usage.md

chaosctl is using the `.chaosconfig` config file to manage multiple accounts

1. If the --config flag is set, then only the given file is loaded. The flag may only be set once and no merging takes place.
2. Otherwise, the ${HOME}/.chaosconfig file is used, and no merging takes place.

chaosctl supports both interactive and non-interactive(flag based) modes.

> Only `chaosctl create agent` command needs --non-interactive flag, other commands don't need this flag to be in non-interactive mode. If mandatory flags aren't passed, then chaosctl takes input in an interactive mode.

### Installation modes

chaosctl can install an agent in two different modes.

- cluster mode: With this mode, the agent can run the chaos in any namespace. It installs appropriate cluster roles and cluster role bindings to achieve this mode. It can be enabled by passing a flag `--installation-mode=cluster`

- namespace mode: With this mode, the agent can run the chaos in its namespace. It installs appropriate roles and role bindings to achieve this mode. It can be enabled by passing a flag `--installation-mode=namespace`

> Note: With namespace mode, the user needs to create the namespace to install the agent and user must have the admin privileges to setup [CRDs](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/litmuschaos/litmus/master/litmus-portal/litmus-portal-crds.yml) as a prerequisite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: With namespace mode, the user needs to create the namespace to install the agent and user must have the admin privileges to setup [CRDs](https://github.com/chaosnative/hce-charts/blob/main/k8s-manifests/ci/hce-crds.yaml) as a prerequisite.
```
